[MC-198] Recorded Future output bug in Lookup Domain action (#745)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: recorded_future/help.md

# Version History

> * 4.0.2 - Fix type of output parameters `analystNotes` and `threatLists` in Lookup Domain action

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4.0.2 - Fix issue where type of output parameters `analystNotes` and `threatLists` in Lookup Domain action
```

Reviewer 2: This sentence isn't finished

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* 4.0.2 - Return full `analystNotes` and `threatLists` data outputs in Lookup Domain action
```
